feat: Add MaxDevices and MaxResources usage (#1419)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/core/metadata/Configuration.md

|---|---|---|
|||entries in the Writable section of the configuration can be changed on the fly while the service is running if the service is running with the `-cp/--configProvider` flag|
|LogLevel|INFO|log entry [severity level](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syslog#Severity_level).  Log entries not of the default level or higher are ignored. |
|MaxDevices|0|Indicates the maximum capacity of devices. If `MaxDevices` exceeds 0, the Core Metadata service will check whether the capacity exceed the limitation when adding or updating the device. |

> |MaxResources|0|Indicates the maximum capacity of resources that can be used by devices. If `MaxResources` exceeds 0, the Core Metadata service will check whether the capacity exceeds the limitation when adding or updating the device.<br/> For example, the MaxResources is 5, and two devices use some device profile which has 5 resources, when you post these two devices, the first device is successful to add, but the second device fails to add because the capacity reach the limitation. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|MaxResources|0|Indicates the maximum capacity of resources that can be used by devices. If `MaxResources` exceeds 0, the Core Metadata service will check whether the capacity exceeds the limitation when adding or updating the device.<br/>For example, the MaxResources is 5, and two devices use the same device profile which has 5 resources, when you post these two devices, the first device is successful to add, but the second device fails due to the resource limit. |
```

Author: Updated.
